[KB-294] Optimization Experiment Design (#207)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/experiments/index.tex

\section{Experiments \& Results}\label{sec:methodology}

> This section outlines the experimental design used to identify the top-$n$ models to be used in our stacking ensemble.
> We first describe the prequisite data preparation for all our experiments, followed by a description of the hardware and software used.
> Next, we outline the design of our initial experiment, aimed at providing a preliminary assesment of the models selected in Section~\ref{sec:model_selection}.
> Following this, we present and discuss the results of this experiment.
> We then describe the design of our main experiment, where we use our hyperparameter tuning framework to identify the top-$n$ models.
> The results are then presented and discussed the results of this experiment.
> Finally, we use the identified models to construct a stacking ensemble, which is then evaluated and compared to the individual models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section outlines the experimental design used to identify the top-$n$ models to be used for our stacking ensemble.
We begin with a description of the prerequisite data preparation necessary for all experiments, followed by an overview of the hardware and software used.
Next, we outline the design of our initial experiment, which provides a preliminary assessment of the models selected in Section~\ref{sec:model_selection}.
The results of this initial experiment are then presented and discussed.
We then describe the design of our main experiment.
This experiment leverages our hyperparameter tuning framework to identify the top $n$ models. 
The results are then presented and discussed the results of this experiment.
Finally, we use the identified models to construct a stacking ensemble, which is then evaluated and compared to the individual models.
```
